### Hello.

My name is Abe. First things first. I am a Legal Permanent Resident, and 
I hold a Public Trust background Investigations("clearances") with the US Department of Interior - Bureau of Land Management, and the US Dept of Health and Human Services.

I write software, and sometimes I write about writing software. Sometimes I write about other things, too. When I am not writing, I am most likely reading, or playing with my dog, or cooking, or doing some combination of the three.

…The paragraph above was generated by GitHub Copilot. I am not sure how I feel about that. In any case, I am currently a Software Engineer at BizFlow Corp. I ‘studied’ computer science. I mostly deal with webdev, and have started to dabble in machine learning lately, given the prominence of image and text generation models.

Two of the things I am extremely passionate about are, History (focusing on mediterranian history during the Grecko-Roman(yes, it includes the Byzantines) period), and self-reliance- I host a ton of services (most of the services and projects you read on my website are services I have forked and customized to suit my own needs, if they’re not a complete rewrite even) on some of my servers I own, thus reducing the reliance on external services for things I can do myself.

I don’t really have a stake in the “philosophy” of the software I host or create. Computers and software to me, are tools, just like a firearm, or a knife, or a rope, or a drill. They have a purpose, and I do not care if I am using a proprietary or an open source software as long as it helps me do what I aimed to do.

I am **very** vocal about individual civil rights and liberties, and if you are not, I do not think we will be a good match.
